He can't have surgery
until his fever breaks anyway.
I mean, the doctor's doing nothing, so how
about my team leader get surgery first?
He has a gunshot wound.
He needs surgery as soon as possible.
-What's wrong with treating him while--
-Hey!
Are you kidding?
He shot at me,
and you want us to let him get treated?
Keep your word.
You promised to release hostages,
let me check the students' safety,
and let the doctor do surgery
on my team leader.
I brought Dr. Kang here
because you agreed on those terms.
You've fooled us twice today,
and what? Promise?
I'll kill you first if anything goes
wrong, so don't mess with me.
How is he?
His temperature's still 38°C,
and it's not going down.
It's because the infection caused
a high white blood cell count.
I gave him a fever reducer,
so it'll go down in two to three hours.
SWAT team breaking in soon.
The whole dorm is being wiretapped.
Then why don't you treat
their team leader until then?
I think that's better as well.
The ANSP team leader
will be treated first.
Comrade.
Treat him? We should be killing him.
For now, it's most important
to maintain mutual trust.
Trust?
Their goal is killing us.
How can we trust them?
Just keep an eye on the hostages.
That's your job.
Especially those by the windows.
Didn't you say
there was no problem with her?
Yes, according to
all those weekly reports!
That damn Pi.
She even went through
water and electric torture.
How dare she stab me in the back?
My goodness.
I got to say,
you are indeed a liability.
A liability to us.
Even your child
has become a liability now.
Unbelievable.
Oh, right.
-Hey, An.
-Yes, sir.
Does hiding a communist spy
count as espionage?
To be precise,
it's aiding and abetting espionage.
My God.
The ANSP director
should be in the vanguard
of anti-communism and counterespionage.
You're a disgrace to our country.
Don't you think?
I was just kidding.